Okay, so we have a little problem.
And you may wonder, well what's the problem?
While our code worked fine,
however, there was some errors in the background
and we didn't see them immediately.
So let's take a look at our application,
we did our master detail view, right?
We can get the actual detail for a given product
by selecting that link.
But now if we go and look at the developer console,
and if we zoom in here, we can see that we have an error.
We have a little problem.
And it says TypeError, Cannot read property
'imageUrl' of undefined.
And this happens in our ProductDetailsComponent_Template
dot html on line number four.
Hmm, so let's go take a look at that.
So here we are, line number four
of our component dot html.
And we reference pproduct.imageUrl.
Let's swing over in the product dot ts,
maybe I forgot to add that property
or maybe it's a typo,
but hmm, looking here on line six,
I have a property called imageUrl
and it looks like the same, product.imageUrl.
Yeah, that's the same thing,
so there's no typo here, hmm.
Let's go look at our component dot ts.
Line 13 we create our product then,
oh, okay I got it.
The property is undefined,
we haven't assigned a value yet.
Basically this item is null, it hasn't been instantiated.
Got it, got it.
So we actually don't assign it until later on
when data arrives from the ProductService method call.
And remember that's an asynchronous call,
so it doesn't happen immediately,
it happens in the background.
So this is an example of a race condition.
The HTML template file it attempting to access a property,
product.imageUrl,
but product is not assigned yet.
It hasn't been instantiated, hence we have the error.
Okay, all right, got it, got it.
Ah, that was a tricky one.
So you're probably wondering,
well why does this work in the browser?
Well, behind the scenes, when the property is assigned,
meaning that the data actually arrives from our service,
then Angular will automatically
update the HTML template page.
So initially there was an error,
but once you view the page, then the error went away
because the data actually arrived from the service
and you actually saw the updates
there on the actual HTML page.
So this is known as data binding in the Angular world.
This happens behind the scenes.
So Angular will automatically update the HTML template page
with the given data.
So from the user's perspective, everything was fine.
But we know, looking behind the scenes,
there was a race condition.
So you're probably wondering,
well how can we solve it?
Well, one solution is to assign a value to the product.
Basically create a new instance of the product,
so I say new Product, open paren, close parens.
And then there we go.
So now we have an empty product.
So it's not null, it's not undefinded,
it's actually just an empty product,
but we can access it
and we won't have that error from before.
All right, so I swing back into my browser
and this is great, no errors.
So we're up and running,
you can click around at different parts of the application
and you won't see that error again.
So that is resolved.
So I'm pretty happy about that.
Now let's kind of swing back over into our IDE
and then you may wonder,
well what are some other solutions that we could use?
Well, another solution is that we can make use
of that safe-navigation operator, that question mark.
We saw that in some of the previous videos.
So here, product question mark dot imageUrl,
that'll make sure that we don't access an undefined
and or null object.
And this is one possible solution, you can do that.
The one approach here is that if you had a lot of fields
that you're displaying for a given product,
like maybe five or 10 or 20,
you'd have to put this question mark
on each one of those fields or whatever or properties.
Or another solution is that you could simply wrap
this region in a div
and then check for it accordingly.
So just different ways of going about it.
I'll actually undo this question mark item
and I'll just kind of keep my original solution
of creating a new instance.
It's a very simple solution,
it's a one-line solution
and there's not a lot of extra work you have to do
in the template page.
So this is a nice way to solve that issue
that we had in the browser.
So I'll use this approach going forward in the videos.